DOCS: Mentions ansible-base, adds collections pointers to Community and Dev Guides (#71480)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/dev_guide/developing_core.rst

***********************

> Developing ansible-base

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Developing ``ansible-base``
```

> ***********************

Reviewer: ```suggestion
****************************
```

> Although ansible-base (the code hosted in the ansible/ansible repo on GitHub) includes a few plugins that can be swapped out via playbook directives or configuration, much of the code there is not modular.  The documents here give insight into how the parts of ansible-base work together.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although ``ansible-base`` (the code hosted in the `ansible/ansible repository <https://github.com/ansible/ansible>`_ on GitHub) includes a few plugins that can be swapped out via playbook directives or configuration, much of the code there is not modular.  The documents here give insight into how the parts of ``ansible-base`` work together.
```
